README.md, before:

# GnuCOBOL FAQ

## Well met,

This is the GnuCOBOL FAQ, how-to, COBOL reference, and oddsod document
by Brian Tiffin (yorecode).

Since 2008, and into the present, as much information about COBOL
programming with GnuCOBOL along with examples of mixing GnuCOBOL with
everything under the C sun (ABI).

The docset uses ReStructuredText, for processing by the Sphinx
documentation generator, and an assortment of other tools.  The author
prefers Vim for text editing, and command line tools for text
processing.  Outputs in HTML and PDF are the main target formats.

Even though this docset is *documentation*, the overall license is a
*code* license, GPL 3+, as there a lot of source code listings.  This
is also an amalgam over the years, and some of the listings may include
different choice of licensing by the author's of the code, in which
case, any license in the source listing will supersede the *overall*
license of gcfaq.rst.

Have good, make well.

## Some links

- [GnuCOBOL FAQ, HTML](https://gnucobol.sourceforge.io/faq/index.html) 
- [GnuCOBOL FAQ, PDF](https://gnucobol.sourceforge.io/faq/GnuCOBOLFAQ.pdf)

Commit message:

Add link to Readthedocs build

README.md, after:

# GnuCOBOL FAQ

## Well met,

This is the GnuCOBOL FAQ, how-to, COBOL reference, and oddsod document
by Brian Tiffin (yorecode).

Since 2008, and into the present, as much information about COBOL
programming with GnuCOBOL along with examples of mixing GnuCOBOL with
everything under the C sun (ABI).

The docset uses ReStructuredText, for processing by the Sphinx
documentation generator, and an assortment of other tools.  The author
prefers Vim for text editing, and command line tools for text
processing.  Outputs in HTML and PDF are the main target formats.

Even though this docset is *documentation*, the overall license is a
*code* license, GPL 3+, as there a lot of source code listings.  This
is also an amalgam over the years, and some of the listings may include
different choice of licensing by the author's of the code, in which
case, any license in the source listing will supersede the *overall*
license of gcfaq.rst.

Have good, make well.

## Some links

- [GnuCOBOL FAQ, Readthedocs](https://gcfaq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gcfaq.html)
- [HTML on SourceForge](https://gnucobol.sourceforge.io/faq/index.html) 
- [PDF on SourceForge](https://gnucobol.sourceforge.io/faq/GnuCOBOLFAQ.pdf)
